HIEP HUYNH 
Address: 61/2/13 Nguyen Son Street, Tan Phu District, Hochiminh City, Vietnam. 
Mobile Phone: +84 949 79 65 79 
Email: hiephuynh81@gmail.com 
EXPERIENCE 
FROM 11/2014 – 2022
MEDITECH TRADING SERVIECE LTD., CO. (INOX360.COM) 
Meditech is owned my family and as the CEO, I managed and executed on all of the company’s activities. We have also achieved average annual growth at high rate and become a leading Hospital Bed Manufacturer in Vietnam. Our products include Hospital Beds, stretchers, rehabilitation products and hospital furniture 
Besides that I am also a leader of R&D department. I and my colleagues respond to design a new products và design by request from customers. Honestly, I could use fluently the Solidwork and Shapr3D software to make 3D objects. 
We have also changed from sales and the marketing offline methods to the online methods, and it has greatly reduced a lot of cost for us. With old model, we needed seven even ten salesmen to meet face to face with potential customers in other to introduce our products and services. But now, with two online marketing staffs and online tools we can handle double the amount of work. My website is: https://inox360.com,you can see some of our design in it.
Curently, the significantly change has helped us not only improve our sales but also maintain our business matters, especially in during of social distancing. I am proud of everything that I have been able to accomplish on my business.
FROM 01/2014 – 10/2014 
SALES AREA MANAGER, REPRESENTATIVE OF MEDIGROUP ASIA LTD 
Medigroup is one of largest medical equipment supplier in Vietnam. They have been a distributor of GE Healthcare (USA), HUMAN (Germany) and some others. Their annual revenue was about up to 10 milions USD.
My position in the company was sales area manager. I was responsible for the team’s target as well as support all the members in some of negotiation matters with customers.
FROM 03/2012 – 12/2013 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE, THANH AN – HA NOI LTD, CO. 
Thanh An – Ha Noi Ltd, is a largest medical equipment supplier company with annual revenue about over 50 million USD. They have been a distributor of Medtronic (included Covidien), Philips Healthcare, Commed, Zimmer Biome and many other famous brands.
I am just a medical equipment salesman. I looked for potential customers and give them the best possible offer of our company’s products and services. Besides that, I have also made a good relationship with current customers who was already support me as credible reference sourses.
FROM 03/2008 TO 02/2012 
SALES REPRESENTATIVE, DELTA TRADING – TECHNICAL SERVICES 
Delta Trading – Technical Services is one of the first medical equipment suppliers in Hochiminh City. Their annual revenue about over 5 million USD. They have been also the distributor of Toshiba Medical and Abbot Diagnostic and many famous brands other.
I worked for them after I graduated from the University as a medical equipment salesman. I was trained about negotiation skills, customer relationship skills as well as ISO 9001 standards.
Because I was a technical saleperson and I studied hard about the principles of almost kind of medical equipment in the University. Thus, I could easily explain what were the best of products and how it was suitable for customer’s request. That helped my customers comfortably made their decision, bought or not.
After the difficult first year, I achieved over 100% my target at the second year and some years after. I have built a large network of customers and had good relationships with them who have been working in the public healthcare and private hospitals as well clinics.
EDUCATION 
FROM 2003 TO 2008 
BACHELOR DEGREE IN BIOMEDICAL ENGINEERING, HOCHIMINH CITY UNIVERSITY OF TECHNOLOGY (HCMUT) 
Because Biomedical Engineering is an interdisciplinary science, thus I have learned much knowledge about principle of medical equipment as well as Anatomy, Physiology, Physic, Electronic, Information Technology… and some more subjects. 
Besides that, the Business Management subject was also studied. That are the basic concepts of business management but having them helped me understood how to run my own business when I was beginning.
Honestly, I did not have a distinguished record when studied at the University. But the knowledge which I learned from my courses are supporting me in my current job – Manage my own business well.
SKILLS 
•	Strong computer skill: Microsoft Office, using Internet for scientific research… 
•	Design 3D objects with Solidword and Shapr3D
•	Leadership 	•	Negotiation 
•	Time management
•	Working under high pressure
•	Loving learning new technical knowledge 
